So I already coded some part.
And now I'm going to show you how we can perform this.
So these are already done.
In previous tutorial, I forgot to mention you need to install WP Cap, which is Windows Pcap application
which is available on the internet.
You need to install that part, otherwise it will not run.
Then what?
I'm going to tell you.
I created this.
Everything.
Now, if.
Which device I want to choose.
I want to give that information.
Then I need to create one snapshot handling.
So what is the snapshot handling?
It's create one file out dot gap to perform and add in that file.
So it will add my listening posts and everything in this file file part.
So then I'm going to capture that part later in further video.
Further tutorials, I'm going to tell you how I'm going to capture that part.
So this is just handling and capturing the live package like I need to handle that package.
So for that purpose.
Or I'm going to handle these packets.
So let me check whether this outdoor pick up opener is.
So as you can see here, some packets are added here.
These are not in these.
But yeah, some packets are added.
So you can create different, different things.
Writing the files and everything.
But.
In law, you have to check whether it is listening to TCP port or not.
So my device is not currently listening to the TCP port, but if you can somehow implement this, you
can create this set to filter only.
Listen TCP packets on board for this.
If you create this HTTP, you will get the HTTP board.
So I will run this and I will tell you how it's going to work.
But.
Currently loading.
It will find out all the networking devices available on my site, on my system.
So it will take some time to load everything.
So now it's loaded and.
Who's going to provide the things for me.
So as you can see, these are my devices.
So I will tell you what is the exception for me is set handler.
Syntax error.
What is the syntax error?
You can download this source.
Set filter to this.
Why?
I haven't mentioned TB.
I should mention that PCP always.
So I hope you understand this part.
So not always the you have to listen to the people.
So I created this part and I put public video packet method here.
Then I created your max package to bring that part.
And package received, package dropped and everything part while the packet capturing and everything.
So my device is not currently connected to the network due to some issues like network issues, I am
not connected to the network.
So you may not find there are packets captured, but you have to check here everything.
So I hope you understand this part.
This is it for this project.
If you want to implement this part on your site, you can create when you are using swing and you can
implement this part.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.